The big eater king once again said this strange
Extreme idea
Successfully forced out Gu Haoran
Wang Haoran seems to have really met an opponent
Is this silly boy
Can you really defeat Gu Haoran?
Well played, that's what the King of Dawai did, haha.
Ah!
Governor Zhou
Why do I think this Gu Haoran is not as good as Lihu?
Li Hu at least has a bastard shell
It's not easy to break.
Well, don't be complacent.
Master Gu hasn't revealed his true skills yet?
Dragon Tiger Overlord Second Division
Inspector Raptors
My ears are about to explode.
The Big Grey King is going to work
Do you imitate the set that defeated the murderer Lihu before?
Can Gu Haoran block this Liaoning leg next?
He can block
Is he blocking?
Blocked
I knew you would come to this trick
Fei Long
In Heaven